Challenges and some issues we might face when setting up office on Mars in 2120

1. Language classes to sales to learn the local Languages of Mars 
    Martians might have different species or different cultures. 
    So inorder to do business with them, it is essential to learn their prominent languages.
    Modify our software to include language support.

2. Split Mars into various geographical locations and assign teams accordingly
    Mars, much like Earth might have different countries or porvinces. 
    Each might have a different set of rules for a fintech company. 
    So divide teams to offer and customize the product to cater to each region

3. High speed interet connection between Earth and Mars with minimum delay (speed of light is the limit) 180 seconds delay - no video/audio call possible - data sync errors
    Due to the distance between Mars and Earth, the fastest possible communication is about 180 seconds. 
    So no video call or audio calls possible. Email communications or video messages are the key.
    Even business decisions must be taken remotely. Single hardest hurdle which can't be solved. 
    So Mars team, eventhough a part of same comany, works relatively in complete isolation.
    Even Employees from Earth are totally cutoff from family except for video calls with lag of 3 minutes. 

4. Working infrastructure on Mars environment 
    Humans and Martians must build some form of bridge to interact with hardwares of each other. 
    Servers, mobile phones, laptops might be significantly different from each other due to temparature, radiation, oxygen levels etc.. 

5. Team lunches with clients - food preferences, temparature, clothes, 
    Inclusive atmosphere where Martians and Humans interact with each other. 
    Team lunches might get little awkward due to food habits, workplace temparature, fashion/nudity.

6. Local hiring 
    Need to hire Martians into the office. 
    Bring in locals and helps bridge cultural gaps in our understanding.

7. Threat from local competition 
    There will always be local competition or local replicas. 
    Locals are always better at interactions and hence business deals. 

8. Capital movement, currency exchange 
    Movement of money from Earth to Mars must also be taken care of. 
    Currency needs to be standardized at a central bank along with daily exchange rates

9. Visa issues 
    Employees must get valid visas or Blue cards to work in Mars. 

10. Diseases, immunity, medication, health insurance
    Everyone might need mandatory medication or vaccination at regular intervals.
    Insurance to cover regions on Mars. 

11. Species specific local rules 
    Each species might decide on different set of rules or working cultures.

12. Day Light savings, Time zone arrangement , seasons 
    Time zone differences between Earth and Mars. Each day on Mars is 37 minutes longer on Mars than Earth. 
    Mars might also have its own day light savings depending on the region of Mars.

13. Working hours , weekdays on Mars will be different 
    Mars uses Darian Calender which is very different from the one followed on Earth. 
    Dates might get confusing because of this and the changing time zone differences.

14. Resistence from local business 
    Like any new changes, our business might also face Resistence from local business owners.
    During inital years, need to tread a fine line balancing profits and local PR.

15. Racial divide among species 
    Race/species might become an issue in a multicultural workspace. 

16. Exchange employees 
    Humans might want to settle on Mars or visit Mars  or Martians to Earth. 
    Handle such travels and business meetings appropriately.

17. Personal Lives and inter mixing of species 
    Due to living/moving to new planet, there might be discomforts.
    Sudden change of food, water, shelter might result in depression or other mental health issues. 
    Need to have restaurants or vegetables from Earth available at some places on Mars. 

